Here I offer you a variety
It is for open ground and grown
natural outdoor variety
fire grade rather compact
It requires a bit of care is
there are removing stepsons below and a small
shaping so to speak from above
very, very early began to blush
already collected from him a sufficient amount
fruit nevertheless continues to blush
right in the open ground, see
fastens pretty much there very much
such here write prominent forms such
elongated good red fruit
fine grade for an open ground
straight
wonderful that is in the open field
growing this year in bad weather
blushed all right nowhere ill
wonderful variety here is a fire variety here
small fruit varieties open fire
ground
beautiful variety that makes me very
pleased this year or let's
look naturally look
how beautiful he is inside
very smooth meaty straight l such
different colors see what a chic
sort that is this sort of right me very
great this year pleased for
open ground very happy sang and very
juicy delicious cake has already collected it
one fruit I have once I do and
salads from it
Now we will have to collect for
slightly in a jar since there he will
generally look great and
taste
great sword